Update Runtime Code Analysis (IAST) main page (#32878)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/iast/_index.md

{{< img src="/code_security/code_security_remediation.png" alt="Code Security vulnerability remediation" style="width:100%;" >}}

When the [GitHub integration][7] is d, Code Security shows the first impacted version of a service, the commit that introduced the vulnerability, and a snippet of the vulnerable code. This information gives teams insight into where and when a vulnerability occurred and helps to prioritize their work.

{{< img src="/code_security/vulnerability_code_snippet.png" alt="Code vulnerability snippet" style="width:100%;" >}}

Detailed remediation steps are provided for each detected vulnerability.

{{< img src="/code_security/remediation_recommendations.png" alt="Remediation recommendations" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Recommendations  you to change the status of a vulnerability, assign it to a team member for review, and create a Jira issue for tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recommendations enable you to change the status of a vulnerability, assign it to a team member for review, and create a Jira issue for tracking.
```

**Note:** To create Jira issues for vulnerabilities, you must configure the Jira integration, and have the `manage_integrations` permission. For detailed instructions, see the [Jira integration][3] documentation, as well as the [Role Based Access Control][4] documentation.

## Vulnerability lifecycle

Datadog automatically manages the lifecycle of vulnerabilities detected by IAST to ensure findings remain accurate and relevant over time.

- **Automatic closure:**

> Vulnerabilities detected by IAST are automatically closed by Datadog when they haven’t been observed for **14 days** since their last detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulnerabilities detected by IAST are automatically closed by Datadog when they haven't been observed for **14 days** since their last detection.
```
